# UDF-AE
A convolutional autoencoder about streamline characterization in unsigned distance field

Training
    The code of the training part runs on jupyter notebook. You can reset the parameters and train it yourself and you can also use the trained model-UDF-AE.pkl .
    We will show how to load the model in Model_load.ipynb .

Visualize streamlines in voxelization mode
    Read Visualize_Voxel.ipynb .

Similar streamline query experiment
    Read Query.ipynb firstly and if you want to visualize the answer in '.VTK' format use the intermediate file generated by Query.ipynb. 
    Then input the intermediate file and the source flow field file into the visualization project.

Flow field compression
    Read Compression.ipynb firstly and if you want to visualize the answer in '.VTK' format use the intermediate file generated by Compression.ipynb.
    Then input the intermediate file and the source flow field into the visualization project.

Visualization project
    Use filter_streamlines.py and generate_data.py to create a pycharm project. Input the serial numbers of streamlines that you want to visualize in '.npy' format 
    and the source flow filed in '.vtk' format. After you gain the output flow field in '.vtk' format visualize it by ParaView.
    *The way to use filter_streamlines is simple. You only need to change 'file_path' and 'r_path' in if __name__ == '__main__': and change 'output_path' in   self.__save_fs(vtk_file_path, 'output_path')
       according to the comment.
